Yes this time how to grow chrysanthemum I would like to talk about doing very dangerous
Is different things to say of the sides of the petals in full there will this say Obayashi
If there is something like Margaret, then Pompom Yes
Some things small stature say this after
The big thing of a petal
Yes and there are many number of such sound path softly defense that petal
There are a lot of kinds Yes There are three ways to grow chrysanthemum
Yes
The first one is on the spot that you give fertilizer
Because it is the kind of publication grass to come out from
I am giving a lot at the time when I am billing
And
Another one is easy to get pests like this beautiful flower
You should do nothing and suppress it, but you also like insects like this
Unusual things
So after bombing you have aphids
later
Because worms and caterpillars are easy to attach
It is rust disease arm and Aomushisabi disease arm and aphids in mind those of pest measures
let me in
I think as if you can be a drug
Yes and one more thing
Pruning branches is yes
By any means-
When I grow up, the center system gets more and more high and the leaf that I said is getting brownish
It says little is Do not bad looks I made
There is a lot of consultation It is that
Ella is growing, and if it gets more and more , yeah to make this tip live
It says to concentrate the nutrients in the center dropped to the leaf tea force
Well, I think that the plants have a lot of thought and want to drop off the tea
Street Well it nutrients that story to Well year that beginning to the effect that because not enough
It will be important that you do the fertilizer part
Well , because it is a plant that has a very creeping branch.
Yes I cut it back to Edo
If it breaks down, nutrition will branch more and more, for example temporarily without going
Even if it branches off from the day
Go to the withered leaves it was coming went extending gradually concentrated on around here strangely in
It becomes
It is time to cut branches
As a time, first cut off in early spring a. But Harayuki snow has been solved and this is a miracle
It's snowing in the area where I am crawling
a
If sprouting comes out and you see it once, please stop it once and if it is stopped
Just give in Japan Part III
Hey yeah
If you wear it once more, please cut it still until about 2 months before flowering
If it is chrysanthemum blooming in autumn, it will bloom in September and October
It's almost like you should cut it by August .
Chrysanthemum blooming in the book to
I will win, but until June it is better to cut by the end of 6
The growth is different depending on the new species , so the varieties with very good growth can be cut several times each time
It is good
The day-to-day varieties are too low in horizontal height if cut too many times
Because my nose will be covered
Let's grow it and look at the state of the government and it's breed
When the most part species cuts back I'm tailored you are listening once to twice a year
What
Stature will also suppressed Shia
I think it will also prevent the re-recording of the leaves
It was very easy to your description, but then you have heard of the kind very full type
Other than cut flowers that I will give to the tomb
This is an opportunity because it is a plant that is also very useful for coloring in the lower part
Please try to grow various types of chrysanthemum
This time in that
The upbringing of chrysanthemum we have to introduce